README.md, before:

# FitLit Starter Kit

### Abstract:
This is an app for users to view and see their latest activity data, goals, and milestones.

### Installation Instructions
1. Fork this project to your own Github account
2. Clone the repository to your local machine
3. `cd` into the project
4. On your terminal, `npm install`
5. On your terminal, `npm start`
6. Navigate to http://localhost:8080/

### Preview of the App
![Screen Shot 2022-12-12 at 1 14 13 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/111095858/207122747-40286099-5d2f-4cbf-b891-2cf726abba2b.png)

### Context
Our team is in week 3 of Turing mod 2. We had six days to complete the project. We spent 20-25 hours total
working as a team.

### Contributors
- Adam Hughes [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/front-end-adam/), [Github](https://github.com/ajh0050)<br>
- Robert Aiken [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/robertsiraaiken/), [Github](https://github.com/BobAiken)<br>
- Max Lange [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/maxwell-steven-lange), [Github](https://github.com/Abekomon/)<br>
- Jesus Borjas [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jesus-borjas-6589b920a/), [Github](https://github.com/jesusborjas006)<br>

### Learning Goals
- Use object and array prototype methods to perform data manipulation.
- Understand what it looks like to have a separate data model (using a class) and DOM model.
- Create a dashboard that is easy to use and displays information in a clear way.
- Craft code with clean style, using small functions that show trends toward DRYness and SRP.
- Implement a robust testing suite using TDD.
- Make network requests to retrieve data.

### Technology Used
- Javascript
- HTML/CSS
- Mocha & Chai
- Node package manager (npm)
- Chart.js
- Webpack
- Git/GitHub
- Slack/Zoom 
- LigthHouse & Wave

Commit message:

Update readme for 2nd spec

README.md, after:

# FitLit Starter Kit

### Abstract:
This is an app for users to view and see their latest activity data, goals, and milestones. Users also have the ability to input and live update their fitness progress through our dynamic API. 

### Installation Instructions
1. Fork this project to your own Github account
2. Clone the repository to your local machine
3. `cd` into the project
4. On your terminal, `npm install`
5. On your terminal, `npm start`
6. Navigate to http://localhost:8080/
7. Follow the instructions in this README to get your local server integrated to support the API [API Server Instructions](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/fitlit-api)

### Preview of the App
![Application load state](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/111095858/211420371-c8545b81-2607-451f-b048-cfdddd036f23.png)

### Context
Our team is finishing the second mod at Turing School of Software and Design. We had a week to complete the project. We spent 20-25 hours total working as a team.

### Contributors
- Adam Hughes [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/front-end-adam/), [Github](https://github.com/ajh0050)<br>
- Robert Aiken [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/robertsiraaiken/), [Github](https://github.com/BobAiken)<br>
- Max Lange [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/maxwell-steven-lange), [Github](https://github.com/Abekomon/)<br>
- Jesus Borjas [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jesus-borjas-6589b920a/), [Github](https://github.com/jesusborjas006)<br>

### Learning Goals
- Use object and array prototype methods to perform data manipulation.
- Understand what it looks like to have a separate data model (using a class) and DOM model.
- Create a dashboard that is easy to use and displays information in a clear way.
- Craft code with clean style, using small functions that show trends toward DRYness and SRP.
- Implement a robust testing suite using TDD.
- Make network requests to retrieve and manipulate data.
- Ensure your app follows best practices for accessibility

### Technology Used
- Javascript
- HTML/CSS
- Mocha & Chai
- Node package manager (npm)
- Chart.js
- Webpack
- Git/GitHub
- Slack/Zoom 
- LigthHouse & Wave
